---
date: '2025-10-08'
---

# Work

-   I submitted my last PhD journal paper last week (fingers crossed!) on my collaboration with Adam Pultz Melbye, so I am now fully committed to writing my thesis. Most chapters are drafted
-   This semester I'm also teaching Coding for Digital Media at the MSc Applied ML for Creatives (Creative Computing Institute, University of the Arts, London). I'll also be teaching a 4h class in the MRes Creative Computing, I've been invited by the great Dr Elizabeth Wilson
-   I might also start another PT research gig soon... more info on that later...

# Not-work

-   One would think the self-hosting fever was temporary – it's not. My last addition to my \*rr stack is the supposedly dead [Readarr](https://readarr.com/) using [rreading-glasses](https://github.com/blampe/rreading-glasses) as replacement for the former metadata service. For listening to the audiobooks I'm hosting [audiobookshelf](https://www.audiobookshelf.org/). I also joined my first private tracker ;) My next items on the list are replacing Cloudflare tunnels by [Pangolin](https://github.com/fosrl/pangolin), I don't want my port forwarding managed by a US-based company... in this time and age! And backing up my Raspberry Pi SD cards.....
-   Re the audiobooks... why did I have this apprehension to listening to books? I was worried I was cheating my yearly Goodreads book count by adding the audiobooks I've listening. I've been trying (emphasis on trying) to do more exercise. My problem with exercising is that I get bored, for this football is fun, but I can't be playing football every day. The audiobooks have helped a lot with making my visits to the gym as short as needed (a full routine under 1h!) and to get me walking to places. So far I've been listening to the audiobooks offered by my local library but to be fair, the good ones have a long waiting list.
-   Reading the second book of the Three Body Problem trilogy, which my friend J (who just had a baby! hi to the baby!) lent me. I loved the first book, the fact that it is "plausible" science fiction (or speculative, science-backed science fiction?). What I did not like about doing physics in university is how sterile and dry it was. I understand that there is not much imagination involved in a Physics undergraduate but...... how can one remember anything if everything is already there, dry and dull... that's probably why I myself don't remember a thing from my undergrad! (for job hunting reasons, for keeping-my-pool-open-reasons, I must declare this is irony)
-   I'm also listening to the book Lessons in Chemistry and I can't say I love a dog as a smart character but I do like how it portrays the sexist 50s in America, reminds me of Mad Men but finally having women (and scientist women) as main characters.
-   Re-watching Attack on Titan because I missed those last episodes that were released a couple of years ago and I wanted to watch them in context. I love the show, it's a 10/10, and I want to read very smart interpretation pieces on it when I finish
